src/content/gatherings/london-22-jul-06/index.mdx, before:

---
title: 'OpenShift Commons Gathering London'
language: 'en-UK'
date: '2022-07-06'
time: '9 a.m.–4 p.m. BST'
location: 'London, UK'
venue: '30 Euston Square'
venue_URL: 'https://30eustonsquare.co.uk/'
registration_text: 'Register Today!'
registration_URL: 'https://events.redhat.com/profile/form/index.cfm?PKformID=0x5646431e4f&varPage=register'
price: 'Free'
lead_text: >-
  This OpenShift Commons Gathering will be held on July 6th live in London, England
info_text: >-
  This OpenShift Commons Gathering will be held in-person and all talks will be delivered live! As always, our focus is on creating a welcoming and inclusive space for peer-to-peer interactions online. This Gathering will focus on talks from and by Cloud Native practitioners with production deployments sharing their use cases, insights into their workloads and lessons learned along the way.
event_footer_text: >-
  This Gathering will be held on British Summer Time (BST)
invite_link: 'https://hopin.com/events/openshift-commons-gathering-london'
sponsors:
  - name: 'Crunchy'
    label: 'Co-Host'
    level: 1  
sponsoring_URL: 'mailto:cgriffit@redhat.com'
schedule:
  - local_time: '9:00 a.m.'
    session_name: 'Registration Opens'
    track: 'Main Stage'
    speakers:
      - id: 'a'
  - local_time: '9:30 a.m.'
    session_name: "Keynote: OpenShift Everywhere: Red Hat's Hybrid Cloud Vision"
    speakers:
      - id: 'karena_angell'
    track: 'Main Stage'
  - local_time: '10:00 a.m.'
    session_name: 'OpenShift Release Update and Road Map'
    track: 'Main Stage'
    speakers:
      - id: 'karena_angell'
      - id: 'harriet_lawrence'
      - id: 'rhys_oxenham'
  - local_time: '10:50 a.m.'
    session_name: 'Lighting Talk: Crunchy Data'
    track: 'Main Stage'
  - local_time: '11:00 a.m.'
    session_name: 'Coffee Break'
    track: 'Main Stage'
  - local_time: '11:15 a.m.'
    session_name: 'Next Generation AI/ML Workloads on OpenShift using knative and Infinispan'
    track: 'Main Stage'
    speakers:
      - id: 'ian_lawson'
  - local_time: '11:40 a.m.'
    session_name: 'Building Kubernetes Operators in the Wild - Managing the Lifecycle of Your Application on the Cloud'
    speakers:
      - id: 'martin_hickey'
    track: 'Main Stage'
  - local_time: '12:05 p.m.'
    session_name: "OKD: OpenShift's Open Source Road Map"
    track: 'Main Stage'
    speakers:
      - id: 'brian_innes'  
  - local_time: '12:15 p.m.'
    session_name: "Lightning Talk: Crunchy Data"
    track: 'Main Stage'  
  - local_time: '12:25 p.m.'
    session_name: 'Lunch Break'
    track: 'Main Stage'
  - local_time: '1:10 p.m.'
    session_name: 'The Rise and Fall…and Rise Again of Fabric - Dipesh Patel and Chris Toulson (Deutsche Bank)'
    track: 'Main Stage'
  - local_time: '1:45 p.m.'
    session_name: 'Lightning Talk: Trilio'
    track: 'Main Stage'
  - local_time: '1:55 p.m.'
    session_name: 'Case Study: UK Health Security Agency'
    track: 'Main Stage'
    speakers:
      - id:  'francesco_giannoccaro'
  - local_time: '2:25 p.m.'
    session_name: 'Lightning Talk: Crunchy Data: Cockroach Labs'
    track: 'Main Stage'
  - local_time: '2:35 p.m.'
    session_name: 'GitOps Automation on OpenShift'
    track: 'Main Stage'
    speakers:
      - id: 'harriet_lawrence'
      - id: 'mark_roberts'
  - local_time: '3:05 p.m.'
    session_name: 'AMA Session: Live Q/A with Guest Speakers, Red Hat Engineers & Project Leads'
    track: 'Main Stage'
    speakers:
      - id: 'karena_angell'
  - local_time: '3:35 p.m.'
    session_name: 'Thank yous and Closing'
    track: 'Main Stage'
    speakers:
      - id: 'karena_angell'
---

Commit message:

add DB speakers to London line 71

src/content/gatherings/london-22-jul-06/index.mdx, after:

---
title: 'OpenShift Commons Gathering London'
language: 'en-UK'
date: '2022-07-06'
time: '9 a.m.–4 p.m. BST'
location: 'London, UK'
venue: '30 Euston Square'
venue_URL: 'https://30eustonsquare.co.uk/'
registration_text: 'Register Today!'
registration_URL: 'https://events.redhat.com/profile/form/index.cfm?PKformID=0x5646431e4f&varPage=register'
price: 'Free'
lead_text: >-
  This OpenShift Commons Gathering will be held on July 6th live in London, England
info_text: >-
  This OpenShift Commons Gathering will be held in-person and all talks will be delivered live! As always, our focus is on creating a welcoming and inclusive space for peer-to-peer interactions online. This Gathering will focus on talks from and by Cloud Native practitioners with production deployments sharing their use cases, insights into their workloads and lessons learned along the way.
event_footer_text: >-
  This Gathering will be held on British Summer Time (BST)
invite_link: 'https://hopin.com/events/openshift-commons-gathering-london'
sponsors:
  - name: 'Crunchy'
    label: 'Co-Host'
    level: 1  
sponsoring_URL: 'mailto:cgriffit@redhat.com'
schedule:
  - local_time: '9:00 a.m.'
    session_name: 'Registration Opens'
    track: 'Main Stage'
    speakers:
      - id: 'a'
  - local_time: '9:30 a.m.'
    session_name: "Keynote: OpenShift Everywhere: Red Hat's Hybrid Cloud Vision"
    speakers:
      - id: 'karena_angell'
    track: 'Main Stage'
  - local_time: '10:00 a.m.'
    session_name: 'OpenShift Release Update and Road Map'
    track: 'Main Stage'
    speakers:
      - id: 'karena_angell'
      - id: 'harriet_lawrence'
      - id: 'rhys_oxenham'
  - local_time: '10:50 a.m.'
    session_name: 'Lighting Talk: Crunchy Data'
    track: 'Main Stage'
  - local_time: '11:00 a.m.'
    session_name: 'Coffee Break'
    track: 'Main Stage'
  - local_time: '11:15 a.m.'
    session_name: 'Next Generation AI/ML Workloads on OpenShift using knative and Infinispan'
    track: 'Main Stage'
    speakers:
      - id: 'ian_lawson'
  - local_time: '11:40 a.m.'
    session_name: 'Building Kubernetes Operators in the Wild - Managing the Lifecycle of Your Application on the Cloud'
    speakers:
      - id: 'martin_hickey'
    track: 'Main Stage'
  - local_time: '12:05 p.m.'
    session_name: "OKD: OpenShift's Open Source Road Map"
    track: 'Main Stage'
    speakers:
      - id: 'brian_innes'  
  - local_time: '12:15 p.m.'
    session_name: "Lightning Talk: Crunchy Data"
    track: 'Main Stage'  
  - local_time: '12:25 p.m.'
    session_name: 'Lunch Break'
    track: 'Main Stage'
  - local_time: '1:10 p.m.'
    session_name: 'The Rise and Fall…and Rise Again of Fabric'
    speakers:
      - id: 'chris_toulson'
      - id: 'dipesh_patel'
    track: 'Main Stage'
  - local_time: '1:45 p.m.'
    session_name: 'Lightning Talk: Trilio'
    track: 'Main Stage'
  - local_time: '1:55 p.m.'
    session_name: 'Case Study: UK Health Security Agency'
    track: 'Main Stage'
    speakers:
      - id:  'francesco_giannoccaro'
  - local_time: '2:25 p.m.'
    session_name: 'Lightning Talk: Crunchy Data: Cockroach Labs'
    track: 'Main Stage'
  - local_time: '2:35 p.m.'
    session_name: 'GitOps Automation on OpenShift'
    track: 'Main Stage'
    speakers:
      - id: 'harriet_lawrence'
      - id: 'mark_roberts'
  - local_time: '3:05 p.m.'
    session_name: 'AMA Session: Live Q/A with Guest Speakers, Red Hat Engineers & Project Leads'
    track: 'Main Stage'
    speakers:
      - id: 'karena_angell'
  - local_time: '3:35 p.m.'
    session_name: 'Thank yous and Closing'
    track: 'Main Stage'
    speakers:
      - id: 'karena_angell'
---
