src/content/gatherings/milan-19-sep-18/index.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Milan 2019'
date: '2019-09-18'
youtube_playlist_id: 'PLaR6Rq6Z4Iqd1zqmQNUcGjc8wN8ofAVag'
time: '9 a.m.–8 p.m.'
location: 'Milan, Italy'
venue: 'Hotel Michelangelo Milano'
venue_URL: 'https://www.michelangelohotelmilan.com/'
venue_address: 'Piazza Luigi di Savoia, 6, 20124 Milano MI '
registration_text: 'Register Now'
registration_URL: 'https://events.redhat.com/profile/form/index.cfm?PKformID=0x67907abcd%20t'
price: 'Free'
lead_text: >-
  The Milan OpenShift Commons Gathering features speakers from Red Hat, Microsoft and OpenShift Commons member organizations.
info_text: >-
  The OpenShift Commons Gathering brings together experts from all over the world to discuss container technologies, best practices for cloud native application developers and
    the open source software projects that underpin the OpenShift/Kuberenetes ecosystem. The Milan event will gather developers, devops professionals and sysadmins together to explore
    the next steps in making container technologies successful and secure at scale.
invite_link: 'https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfHDndcqfnU8y6X58e0GbfqHNxWPrX1qg2REH9tin-zqjJSkw/viewform'
sponsors:
sponsoring_URL: 'mailto:apalladi@redhat.com'
schedule:
  - local_time: '8:30 am'
    session_name: 'Registration Opens'
  - local_time: '9:30 am'
    session_name: 'Welcome to the Commons: Collaboration in Action'
    speakers:
      - id: 'diane'
  - local_time: '9:50 am'
    session_name: "Red Hat's Unified Hybrid Cloud Vision"
    speakers:
      - id: 'brian_gracely'
  - local_time: '10:30 am'
    session_name: 'OpenShift 4.1 Release Update and Road Map'
    speakers:
      - id: 'markito'
      - id: 'christopher_blum'
  - local_time: '11:00 am'
    session_name: 'Coffee Break'
  - local_time: '11:30 am'
    session_name: 'Customer Keynote: OpenShift @ Amadeus'
    speakers:
      - id: 'salvatoredariominonne'
  - local_time: '12:00 am'
    session_name: 'State of the Operators: Framework, SDKs, Hubs and beyond'
    speakers:
      - id: 'guil_barros'
  - local_time: '12:30 pm'
    session_name: 'Update on OKD4 and Fedora CoreOS'
    speakers:
      - id: 'christian_glombek'
  - local_time: '1:00 pm'
    session_name: 'Networking Lunch'
  - local_time: '2:00 pm'
    session_name: 'OpenShift Managed su Azure'
    speakers:
      - id: 'marco_dangelo'
  - local_time: '2:30 pm'
    session_name: 'Open Banking with Microservices Architectures and Apache Kafka on OpenShift'
    speakers:
      - id: 'paolo_gigante'
      - id: 'pierluigi_sforza'
      - id: 'paolo_patierno'
  - local_time: '3:00 pm'
    session_name: 'State of Serverless: Knative, Istio, Kiali and OpenShift'
    speakers:
      - id: 'giuseppe_bonocore'
      - id: 'markito'
  - local_time: '3:45 pm'
    session_name: 'Coffee break'
  - local_time: '4:15 pm'
    session_name: 'Case Study: OpenShift @ SIA'
    speakers:
      - id: 'nicola_nicolotti'
      - id: 'matteo_combi'
  - local_time: '4:45 pm'
    session_name: 'State of Cloud Native Storage'
    speakers:
      - id: 'christopher_blum'
  - local_time: '5:10 pm'
    session_name: 'AMA Panel - Red Hat Project Leads, Product Managers and Engineers'
  - local_time: '5:40 pm'
    session_name: 'Closing: Road Ahead at OpenShift'
    speakers:
      - id: 'diane'
      - id: 'repo'
---

Commit message:

Add timezone, start_time, end_time for gatherings

src/content/gatherings/milan-19-sep-18/index.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Milan 2019'
language: 'en-UK'
date: '2019-09-18'
timezone: 'Europe/Rome'
start_time: '09:00'
end_time: '20:00'
youtube_playlist_id: 'PLaR6Rq6Z4Iqd1zqmQNUcGjc8wN8ofAVag'
location: 'Milan, Italy'
venue: 'Hotel Michelangelo Milano'
venue_URL: 'https://www.michelangelohotelmilan.com/'
venue_address: 'Piazza Luigi di Savoia, 6, 20124 Milano MI '
registration_text: 'Register Now'
registration_URL: 'https://events.redhat.com/profile/form/index.cfm?PKformID=0x67907abcd%20t'
price: 'Free'
lead_text: >-
  The Milan OpenShift Commons Gathering features speakers from Red Hat, Microsoft and OpenShift Commons member organizations.
info_text: >-
  The OpenShift Commons Gathering brings together experts from all over the world to discuss container technologies, best practices for cloud native application developers and the open source software projects that underpin the OpenShift/Kuberenetes ecosystem. The Milan event will gather developers, devops professionals and sysadmins together to explore the next steps in making container technologies successful and secure at scale.
invite_link: 'https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfHDndcqfnU8y6X58e0GbfqHNxWPrX1qg2REH9tin-zqjJSkw/viewform'
sponsors:
sponsoring_URL: 'mailto:apalladi@redhat.com'
schedule:
  - local_time: '8:30 am'
    session_name: 'Registration Opens'
  - local_time: '9:30 am'
    session_name: 'Welcome to the Commons: Collaboration in Action'
    speakers:
      - id: 'diane'
  - local_time: '9:50 am'
    session_name: "Red Hat's Unified Hybrid Cloud Vision"
    speakers:
      - id: 'brian_gracely'
  - local_time: '10:30 am'
    session_name: 'OpenShift 4.1 Release Update and Road Map'
    speakers:
      - id: 'markito'
      - id: 'christopher_blum'
  - local_time: '11:00 am'
    session_name: 'Coffee Break'
  - local_time: '11:30 am'
    session_name: 'Customer Keynote: OpenShift @ Amadeus'
    speakers:
      - id: 'salvatoredariominonne'
  - local_time: '12:00 am'
    session_name: 'State of the Operators: Framework, SDKs, Hubs and beyond'
    speakers:
      - id: 'guil_barros'
  - local_time: '12:30 pm'
    session_name: 'Update on OKD4 and Fedora CoreOS'
    speakers:
      - id: 'christian_glombek'
  - local_time: '1:00 pm'
    session_name: 'Networking Lunch'
  - local_time: '2:00 pm'
    session_name: 'OpenShift Managed su Azure'
    speakers:
      - id: 'marco_dangelo'
  - local_time: '2:30 pm'
    session_name: 'Open Banking with Microservices Architectures and Apache Kafka on OpenShift'
    speakers:
      - id: 'paolo_gigante'
      - id: 'pierluigi_sforza'
      - id: 'paolo_patierno'
  - local_time: '3:00 pm'
    session_name: 'State of Serverless: Knative, Istio, Kiali and OpenShift'
    speakers:
      - id: 'giuseppe_bonocore'
      - id: 'markito'
  - local_time: '3:45 pm'
    session_name: 'Coffee break'
  - local_time: '4:15 pm'
    session_name: 'Case Study: OpenShift @ SIA'
    speakers:
      - id: 'nicola_nicolotti'
      - id: 'matteo_combi'
  - local_time: '4:45 pm'
    session_name: 'State of Cloud Native Storage'
    speakers:
      - id: 'christopher_blum'
  - local_time: '5:10 pm'
    session_name: 'AMA Panel - Red Hat Project Leads, Product Managers and Engineers'
  - local_time: '5:40 pm'
    session_name: 'Closing: Road Ahead at OpenShift'
    speakers:
      - id: 'diane'
      - id: 'repo'
---
