src/content/gatherings/red-hat-summit-20-apr-27/index.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Red Hat Summit 2020'
date: '2020-04-27'
youtube_playlist_id: 'PLaR6Rq6Z4IqfRAZarliWXi76atgNECwdl'
time: '9 a.m.–8 p.m.'
location: 'Virtual'
venue: 'Red Hat Summit Virtual Experience'
venue_URL: 'https://www.redhat.com/en/summit'
registration_text: 'Register Today!'
registration_URL: 'https://reg.summit.redhat.com/account/login?signin=189042c2327dcf3c98e56dd7d9c268d5'
price: 'Free!'
lead_text: >-
  The OpenShift Commons Gathering is now included in the <a href="https://www.redhat.com/en/summit" target="_blank">
  Red Hat Summit Virtual Experience</a> on April 27th!
info_text: >-
  The OpenShift Commons Gathering brings together experts from all over the world to discuss container technologies, best practices for cloud native application developers and
  the open source software projects that underpin the OpenShift ecosystem. This event will gather developers, devops professionals and sysadmins together to explore
  the next steps in making container technologies successful and secure.
event_footer_text: >-
  Please note: Pre-registration is required. Your Red Hat Summit Virtual Experience registration grants you access to the Virtual OpenShift Commons Gathering, on April 27 from 9 a.m. - 6 p.m. ET. This forum will feature a discussion of best practices, lessons learned, and the open source projects that support OpenShift and Kubernetes--all from project leads with production enterprise deployments.
invite_link: 'https://reg.summit.redhat.com/account/login?signin=189042c2327dcf3c98e56dd7d9c268d5'
sponsors:
sponsoring_URL: 'mailto:mbecker@redhat.com'
schedule:
  - local_time: '9:00 am'
    session_name: "Fireside Chat with Red Hat's Executive Vice President, Products & Technologies"
    speakers:
      - id: 'matt_hicks'
      - id: 'diane'
    track: 'Virtual Stage'
  - local_time: '9:20 am'
    session_name: 'OpenShift 4.x and beyond'
    speakers:
      - id: 'jessica_forrester'
      - id: 'marc_curry'
      - id: 'alex_crawford'
    track: 'Virtual Stage'
  - local_time: '10:20 am'
    session_name: 'Customer Keynote: Public Health England'
    speakers:
      - id: 'francesco_giannoccaro'
    track: 'Virtual Stage'
  - local_time: '10:50 am'
    session_name: 'OpenShift Case Study - FeverMap.Net - Hacking the Crisis Finland'
    speakers:
      - id: 'matias_huhta'
      - id: 'tero'
      - id: 'ilkka_tengvall'
    track: 'Virtual Stage'
  - local_time: '11:20 am'
    session_name: 'Production OpenShift Case Study - Deutsche Bahn'
    speakers:
      - id: 'thomas_krause'
      - id: 'gualter_baptista'
    track: 'Virtual Stage'
  - local_time: '11:50 am'
    session_name: 'Production OpenShift Case Study - The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (DTCC)'
    speakers:
      - id: 'jason_olmstead'
    track: 'Virtual Stage'
  - local_time: '12:20 pm'
    session_name: 'State of DevSecOps'
    speakers:
      - id: 'john_willis'
    track: 'Virtual Stage'
  - local_time: '12:50 pm'
    session_name: 'Production OpenShift Case Study - cnvrg.io'
    speakers:
      - id: 'yochay_ettun'
    track: 'Virtual Stage'
  - local_time: '1:20 pm'
    session_name: 'State of OpenShift on OpenStack'
    speakers:
      - id: 'ramonacedo'
    track: 'Virtual Stage'
  - local_time: '1:50 pm'
    session_name: 'Production OpenShift on OpenStack Case Study - BBVA'
    speakers:
      - id: 'mikel_olasagasti_uranga'
      - id: 'daniel_parkes'
    track: 'Virtual Stage'
  - local_time: '2:20 pm'
    session_name: 'AMA Panel with OpenShift PM and Engineering team members'
    track: 'Virtual Stage'
    speakers:
      - id: 'joe_f'
  - local_time: '3:00 pm'
    session_name: 'The Road Ahead: OpenShift, Kubernetes and Beyond'
    track: 'Virtual Stage'
    speakers:
      - id: 'diane'
  - local_time: '1:00 pm'
    session_name: 'State of OKD4'
    track: 'On-Demand'
    speakers:
      - id: 'christian_glombek'
  - local_time: '1:30 pm'
    session_name: 'State of Operator Framework'
    track: 'On-Demand'
    speakers:
      - id: 'daniel_messer'
  - local_time: '2:00 pm'
    session_name: 'State of Platform Services'
    track: 'On-Demand'
    speakers:
      - id: 'markito'
      - id: 'rob_szumski'
      - id: 'ssadeghi'
  - local_time: '2:30 pm'
    session_name: 'State of Container Storage'
    track: 'On-Demand'
    speakers:
      - id: 'duncan_hardie'
      - id: 'eran_tamir'
  - local_time: '3:00 pm'
    session_name: 'State of Container Security'
    track: 'On-Demand'
    speakers:
      - id: 'urvashi_mohnani'
      - id: 'sally_omalley'
---

Commit message:

Add timezone, start_time, end_time for gatherings

src/content/gatherings/red-hat-summit-20-apr-27/index.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Red Hat Summit 2020'
date: '2020-04-27'
timezone: 'America/New_York'
start_time: '09:00'
end_time: '20:00'
youtube_playlist_id: 'PLaR6Rq6Z4IqfRAZarliWXi76atgNECwdl'
location: 'Virtual'
venue: 'Red Hat Summit Virtual Experience'
venue_URL: 'https://www.redhat.com/en/summit'
registration_text: 'Register Today!'
registration_URL: 'https://reg.summit.redhat.com/account/login?signin=189042c2327dcf3c98e56dd7d9c268d5'
price: 'Free!'
lead_text: >-
  The OpenShift Commons Gathering is now included in the  Red Hat Summit Virtual Experience on April 27th!
info_text: >-
  The OpenShift Commons Gathering brings together experts from all over the world to discuss container technologies, best practices for cloud native application developers and
  the open source software projects that underpin the OpenShift ecosystem. This event will gather developers, devops professionals and sysadmins together to explore
  the next steps in making container technologies successful and secure.
event_footer_text: >-
  Please note: Pre-registration is required. Your Red Hat Summit Virtual Experience registration grants you access to the Virtual OpenShift Commons Gathering, on April 27 from 9 a.m. - 6 p.m. ET. This forum will feature a discussion of best practices, lessons learned, and the open source projects that support OpenShift and Kubernetes--all from project leads with production enterprise deployments.
invite_link: 'https://reg.summit.redhat.com/account/login?signin=189042c2327dcf3c98e56dd7d9c268d5'
sponsors:
sponsoring_URL: 'mailto:mbecker@redhat.com'
schedule:
  - local_time: '9:00 am'
    session_name: "Fireside Chat with Red Hat's Executive Vice President, Products & Technologies"
    speakers:
      - id: 'matt_hicks'
      - id: 'diane'
    track: 'Virtual Stage'
  - local_time: '9:20 am'
    session_name: 'OpenShift 4.x and beyond'
    speakers:
      - id: 'jessica_forrester'
      - id: 'marc_curry'
      - id: 'alex_crawford'
    track: 'Virtual Stage'
  - local_time: '10:20 am'
    session_name: 'Customer Keynote: Public Health England'
    speakers:
      - id: 'francesco_giannoccaro'
    track: 'Virtual Stage'
  - local_time: '10:50 am'
    session_name: 'OpenShift Case Study - FeverMap.Net - Hacking the Crisis Finland'
    speakers:
      - id: 'matias_huhta'
      - id: 'tero'
      - id: 'ilkka_tengvall'
    track: 'Virtual Stage'
  - local_time: '11:20 am'
    session_name: 'Production OpenShift Case Study - Deutsche Bahn'
    speakers:
      - id: 'thomas_krause'
      - id: 'gualter_baptista'
    track: 'Virtual Stage'
  - local_time: '11:50 am'
    session_name: 'Production OpenShift Case Study - The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (DTCC)'
    speakers:
      - id: 'jason_olmstead'
    track: 'Virtual Stage'
  - local_time: '12:20 pm'
    session_name: 'State of DevSecOps'
    speakers:
      - id: 'john_willis'
    track: 'Virtual Stage'
  - local_time: '12:50 pm'
    session_name: 'Production OpenShift Case Study - cnvrg.io'
    speakers:
      - id: 'yochay_ettun'
    track: 'Virtual Stage'
  - local_time: '1:20 pm'
    session_name: 'State of OpenShift on OpenStack'
    speakers:
      - id: 'ramonacedo'
    track: 'Virtual Stage'
  - local_time: '1:50 pm'
    session_name: 'Production OpenShift on OpenStack Case Study - BBVA'
    speakers:
      - id: 'mikel_olasagasti_uranga'
      - id: 'daniel_parkes'
    track: 'Virtual Stage'
  - local_time: '2:20 pm'
    session_name: 'AMA Panel with OpenShift PM and Engineering team members'
    track: 'Virtual Stage'
    speakers:
      - id: 'joe_f'
  - local_time: '3:00 pm'
    session_name: 'The Road Ahead: OpenShift, Kubernetes and Beyond'
    track: 'Virtual Stage'
    speakers:
      - id: 'diane'
  - local_time: '1:00 pm'
    session_name: 'State of OKD4'
    track: 'On-Demand'
    speakers:
      - id: 'christian_glombek'
  - local_time: '1:30 pm'
    session_name: 'State of Operator Framework'
    track: 'On-Demand'
    speakers:
      - id: 'daniel_messer'
  - local_time: '2:00 pm'
    session_name: 'State of Platform Services'
    track: 'On-Demand'
    speakers:
      - id: 'markito'
      - id: 'rob_szumski'
      - id: 'ssadeghi'
  - local_time: '2:30 pm'
    session_name: 'State of Container Storage'
    track: 'On-Demand'
    speakers:
      - id: 'duncan_hardie'
      - id: 'eran_tamir'
  - local_time: '3:00 pm'
    session_name: 'State of Container Security'
    track: 'On-Demand'
    speakers:
      - id: 'urvashi_mohnani'
      - id: 'sally_omalley'
---
