src/content/gatherings/data-science-20-oct-09/index.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Data Science at NVIDIA GTC 2020'
date: '2020-10-09'
youtube_playlist_id: 'PLaR6Rq6Z4Iqcg2znnClv-xbj93Q_wcY8L'
time: '9 a.m.–8 p.m.'
location: "Virtual Gathering at NVIDIA's GTC"

venue: "Virtual at NVIDIA's GTC"
venue_URL: 'https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/gtc/'

registration_text: 'Registration Open!'
registration_URL: 'https://reg.rainfocus.com/flownvidia/gtcfall20/reg/login'
price: 'Included in your GTC Registration'
lead_text: >-
  This OpenShift Commons Gathering on AI and Machine Learning is co-located with NVIDIA's GTC virtual event </a> on October 5-9, 2020!
info_text: >-
  The OpenShift Commons Gatherings bring together experts from all over the world to discuss container technologies, best practices for cloud native application developers and
  the open source software projects that underpin the OpenShift ecosystem. This event will gather developers, data scientists, devops professionals and sysadmins together to explore
  the next steps in making container technologies successful and secure for your ML and AI workloads.
event_footer_text: >-
  Please note: Pre-registration is required. Your GTC registration grants you access to the virtual on-demand OpenShift Commons Gathering talks on October 5-9 from 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. ET. This forum will feature a discussion of best practices, lessons learned, and the open source projects that support OpenShift and Kubernetes--all from project leads with production enterprise deployments.

schedule:
  - local_time: '9:00 am'
    session_name: The Enterprise Neurosystem Initiative
    speakers:
      - id: 'william_wright'
    track: 'Virtual On-Demand Stage'
  - local_time: '9:30 am'
    session_name: AIOps vs MLOps vs DevOps
    speakers:
      - id: 'zak_berrie'
    track: 'Virtual On-Demand Stage'
  - local_time: '10:00 am'
    session_name: GPU-Accelerated Machine Learning with OpenShift Container Platform
    speakers:
      - id: 'diane_feddema'
      - id: 'michael_bennett'
    track: 'Virtual On-Demand Stage'
  - local_time: '10:30 am'
    session_name: Using MPI operator to run GPU-accelerated scientific workloads on Red Hat OpenShift with Lustre FS
    speakers:
      - id: 'david_gray'
    track: 'Virtual On-Demand Stage'
  - local_time: '11:00 am'
    session_name: Using GPUs for Data Science & Optimization Containers in OpenShift
    speakers:
      - id: 'cory_latschkowski'
    track: 'Virtual On-Demand Stage'
  - local_time: '11:30 am'
    session_name: Applying AIOps to Kubernetes Telemetry Data with Open Data Hub at OpenShift
    speakers:
      - id: 'alex_corvin'
      - id: 'ivan_necas'
    track: 'Virtual On-Demand Stage'
  - local_time: '12:00 pm'
    session_name: Accelerating AI on the Edge
    speakers:
      - id: 'nick_barcet'
      - id: 'kevin_jones'
    track: 'Virtual On-Demand Stage'
  - local_time: '12:31 pm'
    session_name: Data driven insights with SQL Server Big Data Clusters and OpenShift
    speakers:
      - id: 'buck_woody'
    track: 'Virtual On-Demand Stage'
---

Commit message:

Add timezone, start_time, end_time for gatherings

src/content/gatherings/data-science-20-oct-09/index.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Data Science at NVIDIA GTC 2020'
date: '2020-10-09'
timezone: 'America/New_York'
start_time: '09:00'
end_time: '20:00'
youtube_playlist_id: 'PLaR6Rq6Z4Iqcg2znnClv-xbj93Q_wcY8L'
location: "Virtual Gathering at NVIDIA's GTC"

venue: "Virtual at NVIDIA's GTC"
venue_URL: 'https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/gtc/'

registration_text: 'Registration Open!'
registration_URL: 'https://reg.rainfocus.com/flownvidia/gtcfall20/reg/login'
price: 'Included in your GTC Registration'
lead_text: >-
  This OpenShift Commons Gathering on AI and Machine Learning is co-located with NVIDIA's GTC virtual event on October 5–9, 2020!
info_text: >-
  The OpenShift Commons Gatherings bring together experts from all over the world to discuss container technologies, best practices for cloud native application developers and
  the open source software projects that underpin the OpenShift ecosystem. This event will gather developers, data scientists, devops professionals and sysadmins together to explore
  the next steps in making container technologies successful and secure for your ML and AI workloads.
event_footer_text: >-
  Please note: Pre-registration is required. Your GTC registration grants you access to the virtual on-demand OpenShift Commons Gathering talks on October 5-9 from 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. ET. This forum will feature a discussion of best practices, lessons learned, and the open source projects that support OpenShift and Kubernetes—all from project leads with production enterprise deployments.

schedule:
  - local_time: '9:00 am'
    session_name: The Enterprise Neurosystem Initiative
    speakers:
      - id: 'william_wright'
    track: 'Virtual On-Demand Stage'
  - local_time: '9:30 am'
    session_name: AIOps vs MLOps vs DevOps
    speakers:
      - id: 'zak_berrie'
    track: 'Virtual On-Demand Stage'
  - local_time: '10:00 am'
    session_name: GPU-Accelerated Machine Learning with OpenShift Container Platform
    speakers:
      - id: 'diane_feddema'
      - id: 'michael_bennett'
    track: 'Virtual On-Demand Stage'
  - local_time: '10:30 am'
    session_name: Using MPI operator to run GPU-accelerated scientific workloads on Red Hat OpenShift with Lustre FS
    speakers:
      - id: 'david_gray'
    track: 'Virtual On-Demand Stage'
  - local_time: '11:00 am'
    session_name: Using GPUs for Data Science & Optimization Containers in OpenShift
    speakers:
      - id: 'cory_latschkowski'
    track: 'Virtual On-Demand Stage'
  - local_time: '11:30 am'
    session_name: Applying AIOps to Kubernetes Telemetry Data with Open Data Hub at OpenShift
    speakers:
      - id: 'alex_corvin'
      - id: 'ivan_necas'
    track: 'Virtual On-Demand Stage'
  - local_time: '12:00 pm'
    session_name: Accelerating AI on the Edge
    speakers:
      - id: 'nick_barcet'
      - id: 'kevin_jones'
    track: 'Virtual On-Demand Stage'
  - local_time: '12:31 pm'
    session_name: Data driven insights with SQL Server Big Data Clusters and OpenShift
    speakers:
      - id: 'buck_woody'
    track: 'Virtual On-Demand Stage'
---
